But he chose you and this is how you repay her, huh? This is how you protect her?
God, if anything happens to her, I will piss on your grave.
Where are you going?
Gonna go settle some business. Just keep an eye on Betty for me.
Who does he think he is?
Hey, Betty, you're awake.
Anthony, it's Marcus.
Yeah, he had to step out for something. Forget about him for a second, okay?
God, I'm such a fool. If I didn't let you leave with that idiot, you wouldn't have been hurt in the first place. I'm sorry.
No, Anthony, Marcus saved me. I need to go find Marcus before he doesn't think stupid.
You need to rest. Please.
Anthony, I'm fine. Seriously, I need to go. I need to find Marcus.
Betty, I really love you. Can you give me a chance, please?